docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/get-started/overview.mdx

slug: /
---

> Arbitrum is the finance-native blockchain platform providing infrastructure for applications, tokenization, and dedicated blockchains. These docs explain the protocols, chains, services, and SDKs developers use to build on the Arbitrum Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arbitrum is the finance-native platform providing infrastructure for applications, tokenization, and dedicated chains. These docs explain the protocols, chains, services, and SDKs developers use to build on the Arbitrum platform.
```

## Launch your own chain

> Launch a dedicated blockchain using the Arbitrum Platform. Configure execution, gas tokens, data availability, governance, and validation for your product’s requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch a dedicated chain using the Arbitrum platform. Configure execution, gas tokens, data availability, governance, and validation for your product's requirements.
```
